## What I noticed about my data
I explored my data from instagram. I exported two types of data: my personal information, and my ad preferences. 
The first part that I looked at was my personal data, because I was interesed to see what they were collecting. The files were downloadable as html and as json, and I downloaded as json only. After opeining the file, the information instagram is collecting is location data. There was one file that contained my primary location, and one that contained my locations of interest. The primary location was labled correctly, but the locations of interest were odd to me because there were only and handfull, and most of them were places I've never been, that I don't think I've ever looked up. This was a bit spooky to me. One of them was a place I took a trip to recently, which was interesting because when I was there I did get a cleaning ad for that town specifically which surprised me because it's a tiny town. I have never read IG's privacy policy so I don't know how they track locations - with that said I thought that I had disabled any location tracking. 

I also downloaded my ad preferences, which I still don't quite understand after looking at them. I think the file must reference either some other location where the data is explorable, or it might be coded in some way. There was not much I could take away from it by looking at the json. I think to understand it I need to do a bit more research on how its structured or coded, and potentially download the html file - maybe that will make it easier for me to see.